The file **transformer_u.py** contains a script for training and assessing the **univariate** Transformer model's forecasting performance for 142 cyber trends, predicting 36 time-steps ahead (multistep forecast). A distinct model is constructed for each trend. Evaluation of the final results, comprising 36 times 142 values, is conducted based on RSE and RAE metrics. These errors are averaged over five experiments. In each of the five experiments, the script performs random search with 30 iterations to optimise the set of hyperparameters for each trend. That is, it finds the model with the least validation error. Upon completion of the script, RSE and RAE values are displayed on the terminal and can be copied and saved in **out_u.txt** for reference.

The file **transformer_m.py** contains a script for training and assessing the **multivariate** Transformer model's forecasting performance for 142 cyber trends, predicting 36 time-steps ahead (multistep forecast). A distinct model is constructed for each trend where the model uses additional features besides the ground truth. Here, we employ a domain-driven feature selection approach to determine which features to include in addition to the ground truth. For instance, in models predicting NoI, additional features included external factors (**NoM**, **ACA**, **PH**) alongside pertinent technologies (**PATs**). Conversely, models predicting PATs incorporated relevant **attack** types as additional features. Evaluation of the final results, comprising 36 times 142 values, is conducted based on RSE and RAE metrics. These errors are averaged over five experiments. In each of the five experiments, the script performs random search with 30 iterations to optimise the set of hyperparameters for each trend. That is, it finds the model with the least validation error. Upon completion of the script, RSE and RAE values are displayed on the terminal and can be copied and saved in **out_m.txt** for reference.


